[laughing]
My darkness will
swallow the world,
just you wait and see!
You think I'll lose to you?
I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!
Roger's treasure belongs to me!
[NARRATOR] All pirates searching
for the treasure One Piece
must brave the second half
of the Grand Line.
These wild and dangerous seas
are known as the New World.
Gold Roger and his crew
were the only men
to ever chart these waters and
learn all the secrets they held.
For the rest of the
pirates in the world,
this has proven to be
the end of the road.
A graveyard of dreams.
[NARRATOR] Now, Monkey D. Luffy,
a boy whose body became rubber
after eating the Gum-Gum Fruit,
sets sail into the New World
with his faithful crew.
I’m gonna be the
King of the Pirates!
[NARRATOR] In order to defeat
one of the Four Emperors
of the New World, the Straw Hats
form an alliance with Law.
Their current objective is to
destroy a man-made Devil Fruit
Factory in the
kingdom of Dressrosa.
Soon, Luffy becomes
sidetracked by a tournament
with the Flame-Flame
Fruit as a prize.
[NARRATOR] Meanwhile, Robin and
Usopp attempt to hand over
Caesar on Green Bit,
when they encounter the Navy
and a group of tiny people.
Now, Mil Fleurs!
Campo de Flores!
[DWARVES shout]
[KABU yelps]
I caught one!
[gasps]
Caught one what?
It's a... person!
[NARRATOR] Sanji, entranced by
a woman named Violet,
was lured into a deadly ambush,
where his would-be lover reveals
the heart-breaking truth.
[VIOLET] You're nothing but
a failure, Black Leg Sanji.
Be reasonable.
How would a worm like you win
the heart of a woman like me?
[chuckles]
What a joke.
Violet. Tell me it's not true.
You wouldn't do this!
[gasps]
[SANJI grunts]
I'm thinking of you.
[VIOLET]
Huh?
About the way you looked at me.
I knew that...
you weren't lying!
[SANJI grunts]
No matter what you say.
No matter what anyone says,
I believe in you.
For me, a girl's tears are
always enough proof!
[gasps]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE E]
Ha! This guy must think
he's in a romance novel.
I've never heard
such cheesy crap.
[PIRATE A]
I mean, there's "desperate"
and then there's "crazy."
[PIRATE B]
You gotta face reality, man.
She pulled one over on you.
That's all there is to it.
[VIOLET sobs]
[PIRATE C]
Whatever. He doesn't get it.
Listen, if you're done with
this delusional moron,
we'd be more than happy
to finish him off for ya.
[VIOLET grunts]
[PIRATES laugh]
All right then, that looks
like a "yes" to me!
This guy's worth 77 million!
Looks like it's the end
of Black Leg Sanji.
Prepare to die!
Hierro Lagrima!
Hang on, Lady. Stop!
And Eye Whale!
[PIRATES gasp, yell]
[DON QUIXOTE PIRATE A]
She's serious, you guys!
[PIRATES yell]
[SANJI grunts]
What are you doing?
[gasps]
[VIOLET]
Eye Whale!
[PIRATES shouting]
[SANJI]
I get it now.
You were forced to work
with Doflamingo, weren't you?
[SANJI gasps]
[VIOLET] You need to get
away from here, Black Leg.
Then what about you?
How could I?
I'm fine! Forget me!
Don't say that!
[VIOLET]
We know everything.
There's no way your
plan will work.
You're walking straight
into a trap.
[gasps]
[VIOLET] You were trying to
protect one of your own enemies.
[VIOLET]
You're hopeless.
I don't know why
you believed in me.
[gasps]
[VIOLET]
But thank you.
It made me happy.
[grunts] I don't know
the whole story here,
but if you don't want to work
for Doflamingo, then leave!
You already attacked
your own men!
Just come with me and
we'll escape together!
[VIOLET whimpers]
[VIOLET grunts]
Look into my eyes, Black Leg.
[SANJI gasps]
From the moment you
came here with Caesar,
your crew's fate was sealed.
Everything is following
Doflamingo's plan.
His plan?
Yes. Gaze into my mind
and you will understand.
That's something I can do?
[SANJI gasps]
[VIOLET] Here's my memory
of Dressrosa this morning.
[SANJI grunts]
It can't be.
[SANJI]
How?
This is bad.
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS]
We're only in the third set,
but we've already seen some
incredible competitors today!
Burgess showed his
might in Block A,
and much to the chagrin
of everyone here,
Bartolomeo humiliated the other
competitors in Block B!
Now, we have fresh chaos and
carnage lined up in Block C!
The competitors are all lined up
and it seems they're
eager to start!
You got that right!
I'm sick of waiting around!
[BULL snorts]
[LUFFY]
Hm? Who's there?
A bull...? You gonna fight, too?
[BULL grunts]
[LUFFY chuckles]
I know how you're feeling!
I can't wait, either!
[COMPETITOR A]
Stop shoving, jackass!
[COMPETITOR B]
It's not me! Shut the hell up!
[COMPETITOR C] Is someone
trying to run us over or what?
Okay-- Whoa!
[CHIN JAO grunts]
I tire of this monotony.
Let's fight.
[KELLY] You're gonna get
stomped out there, old man.
Go home while you still can!
[SAI]
How dare you!
You wanna say that again, punk?
[KELLY]
Sure!
You're grandpa is gonna get
his ass kicked, just like you!
Whoa, whoa, brother,
take it easy!
It's meaningless to run your
mouth before the battle.
Your skills, or rather,
lack thereof,
will become apparent
soon enough, shrimp.
[KELLY] Listen up,
you geriatric fatass--
The Funk Brothers don't
take crap from nobody!
[GYATS]
The wait is finally over!
[GYATS] Eyes on the center,
Block C competitors!
This is your time to shine!
[GYATS]
You may now enter the ring!
[CROWD cheers]
[GYATS] Keep your eyes
peeled for famous faces!
Just like our last two matches,
Block C is bursting at the seams
with formidable contenders!
I guarantee, this is
gonna be a good one!
One of the men standing here
could advance to the finals
and inherit the legacy
of Fire-Fist Ace!
[TOY SOLDIER] Until the day your
heart is filled with happiness
once more, I will
always be by your side!
[gasps]
[REBECCA]
That dream.
Huh?
[gasps]
[exhales]
[LITTLE GIRL A]
Come back, Mister Monkey!
Huh?
[LITTLE GIRL A laughs]
I got you!
[giggles]
[REBECCA laughs]
[FRANKY] You gonna tell me about
this Flower Field place or what?
[TOY SOLDIER] Keep running!
You'll find out soon enough!
[TOY SOLDIER]
Be wary of the police!
[FRANKY]
You're a soldier, aren't you?
Why are you afraid
of the police?
Wait, who is that?
[gasps]
Soldier!
[FRANKY] Huh? What's up?
She a friend of yours?
Rebecca.
[whimpers]
[TOY SOLDIER] I saw the list of
competitors in the coliseum.
I asked you not to enter.
Why did you do it?
[REBECCA]
Because...
Because I'll win!
You'll see! I promise!
When I do, please come back!
I just want you to stay with me!
If you cry so easily,
how do you expect to win?
[gasps]
C'mon. We need to hurry.
Uh... Are you sure?
[TOY SOLDIER]
She's fine... Let's move!
[FRANKY]
Hm!
[gasps]
[whimpers]
Brother. I don't know
what's goin' on,
but you shouldn't
make a girl cry.
[REBECCA gasps]
That's why we must hurry.
I know I'm just a toy,
but I must protect her.
[TOY SOLDIER]
These useless tin eyes of mine
can't even shed a tear for her.
[sniffs]
[USOPP]
Robin, what's going on?
You're kinda weirding
me out here.
What's this about a
"little person?"
[ROBIN]
I have one in my hand.
Huh? If that's supposed to be
a joke, then I don't get it.
Anyway, there's no
Marines here, right?
It looks like the
coast is clear.
Those Marines.
You robbed them, didn't you?
[gasps]
[BOMBA] We better figure
out something, quick!
[ROBIN gasps]
Okay, let's see this
"little person" of yo--
H-He's real!
[ROBIN] I think there are more
of them, and close by, too.
[USOPP]
Wait, what?
I heard someone
talking just now.
[KABU]
Huh?
[LEO]
Anesthetic Flowers!
[ROBIN gasps]
[grunts]
What's this smoke?
[exhales]
Whoa! Are you okay?
Robi--
Usopp.
[snores]
[KABU]
She'll fall asleep soon enough.
[LEO]
What should we do with them?
Are they enemies?
Doesn't matter, they saw us
so there's only one answer.
We must eliminate them!
[ROBIN exhales]
[BOMBA]
What's in her bag?
[DWARF A]
A couple books. Some clothes.
[DWARF B]
Candy!
[DWARF C]
A transponder snail!
[BOMBA]
Double check for any weapons!
[DWARF D]
There must be something on her!
[DWARF E]
Search inside her clothes!
[DWARF D]
Point C all clear.
[BOMBA]
Roger.
[DWARF C]
Point A all clear.
[BOMBA]
Roger!
[LEO] No hidden weapons
at Point B, either.
[ROBIN gasps]
[LEO]
Mm?
[ROBIN, LEO gasp]
[DWARVES yell]
[RANPO]
She's awake!
Weapons ready!
[DWARVES]
Okay!
[ROBIN gasps]
Let's not be hasty!
Don't try to run!
No funny business!
I see. They've pinned
my body to the ground.
[LEO] You'll only hurt
yourself if you move.
I sewed you nice and
snug with my magical
Stitch-Stitch Power,
so you're not going anywhere!
[ROBIN]
That sounds rather handy.
It is!
Once someone gets a
taste of my trusty needle,
they can't move an inch!
You Big People were up to
no good again, weren't you?
There's been a mistake.
I swear I'm not your enemy.
In fact, I don't even
know who you are.
I'm Leo of the
Tontatta Tribe! A warrior!
Leo. All right, then could
you tell me where we are?
And where's Usopp?
Ah. I mean,
the other big person.
He's not here?
[ROBIN]
Is he all right?
Your tall friend with
the long-nose, you mean?
We captured him too,
in accordance with
our kingdom's rules.
So this is a country where only
little people like you live?
[LEO] Indeed. This place is
known as the Tontatta Kingdom.
It lies beneath the Great Forest
which we proudly made
with our own hands!
[ROBIN] The Great Forest?
Oh you mean Green Bit!
So you grow those giant plants.
The ones that cover
the whole island
That's right.
There's no plant, great or small
the Tontatta can't grow!
Everyone, watch out!
Kabu?
She has a strange power!
She can sprout hands and arms
like flowers on the ground!
Flower hands?
We've never grown
hand flowers before!
That sounds real creepy!
Yeah. It must be magic.
It's the strangest thing
that I've ever seen!
They're fast, too!
Snatched me up
before I could run!
[ROBIN]
All right, that's something.
They must have carried me here
after that gas made me pass out.
[ROBIN] I could probably
use my power to escape,
but it might cause them to panic
and do something stupid.
So spit it out!
What are you up to?
You've come to destroy
our kingdom, haven't you?
Not at all!
I grabbed your friend,
but I only did so out
of sheer curiosity!
It doesn't matter
why you did it.
Big People are not allowed to
see the Tontatta for any reason!
As the law states,
you must be put to death!
But why? Whatever grudge
you hold, I have no part of it.
And if you must keep
your existence a secret,
I swear I won't tell
a soul we met!
You're lying! I refuse to
listen to your excuses!
[ROBIN]
But I mean it!
[gasps]
'Kay then, I'll let you go!
[ROBIN]
What?
Wow, that sure is a relief, huh?
She's not evil after all!
[DWARF I, J]
She gets to live!
[ROBIN]
That's all it took?
[DWARVES laughing]
[ROBIN]
They certainly are trusting!
[LEO]
You can get up now.
[ROBIN gasps]
Here! Take your sunglasses, too!
Why thank you.
[GANCHO]
Hey, Leo.
Oh, hello, Chief!
Stop! You can't release her!
[LEO]
Don't worry,
she said she'll keep
everything a secret!
And why would you believe her?
[LEO] She said she
means it, so it's true.
What?! 'Kay then, works for me.
[ROBIN] Are they all like this?
It is rather convenient, though.
[GANCHO]
Hm. Pardon our stares,
it's not often we get to see
a Big Person close up, see?
[ROBIN]
Who are you?
[GANCHO]
The name is Gancho.
I'm known as the Tonta-chief,
which is what we call
our king around here.
Welcome! You can stay
as long as you like!
Hi! Nice to meet you!
Would you like to try
some simmered pumpkin?
Ha! That's so kind of you,
but I'm in a bit of a hurry.
Hey you, over here!
We just baked tree sap cookies!
You wanna taste one?
We're having tea!
You're welcome to join us.
[ROBIN]
I'm sorry, but I really must go.
We've got some grilled
mushrooms to share!
Heh!
Excuse me.
But do you know where my
transponder snail went?
[DWARF N] Right here!
I released it into the wild!
[gasps] This is bad.
It's not long until three.
I have to contact Law quickly.
The exit. Where is it?
Wait a sec! You can't
be leaving already!
And here I thought
you were nice!
If you leave, then hand over
your weapon before you go!
That's the rule!
I don't have one.
Give us a weapon, or we'll
take everything you've got!
I said I don't have one!
[LEO]
Then you leave me no choice.
[ROBIN]
Huh? Ah!
[LEO]
We're gonna bleed you dry.
Take it all!
[gasps]
My sunglasses? They're gone?
[ROBIN gasps]
[LEO]
Go!
[DWARVES, ROBIN shouting]
[FLAPPER]
No! Wait! Stop it!
Is there an emergency?
You can't be mean to her!
Her partner is the great hero!
[DWARVES]
What?
The... hero?
[ROBIN]
Usopp?
But where did you hear this?
I don't get it.
The Person with the
long nose told me,
and he said he meant it, too!
He's the legendary hero,
come to save us at last!
Finally. Finally...
The hero came just when
we needed him most!
[DWARF I]
Yay!
[DWARF A]
Awesome!
[LEO]
I wanna meet him!
[ROBIN]
Usopp, what did you tell them?
[DWARVES laughing, chattering]
[ROBIN]
It's 2:57. We're out of time.
[NARRATOR]
Indeed, the clock is ticking.
The time to trade off Caesar
is fast approaching.
[NARRATOR]
Two minutes. And counting.
[TRANSPONDER SNAIL A rings]
[SANJI]
You there, Law? It's Sanji!
Where'd you run off to?
Please tell me you
found the Factory.
[SANJI] That's the least
of our worries now!
[LAW]
Hm? What's wrong?
[SANJI]
It's a trap!
You gotta get outta there
before it's too late!
[gasps]
[NARRATOR]
The Block C battle is underway.
The crowd explodes
with excitement
as Luffy defeats foe after foe.
Elsewhere, Law finds himself
helpless when he discovers
that Doflamingo has executed
a cruel and cunning deception,
which poses a dire
threat to Dressrosa.
[LUFFY]
On the next One Piece!
"The Strategem of the Century!
Doflamingo Makes His Move!"
[LUFFY] I'm gonna be
King of the Pirates!